at the spare 258 hooking it at E so just
for a trailing by 27 pics we got the set
rest of this match to go we'll be right
back don't forget the finals in
Chesapeake Virginia and somebody there
will definitely win that truck
somebody's going to win that beauty just
a rook still in this match that needs to
strike leads to sex tenon reminder of
UTV fans out there if you want to enter
to be a pen pal you can get that entry
blank at your local bowling center or
pro shop so jump on over there and enter
it's a lot of fun you might win
something just a rock trailing by 29
pins and norm Duke really had the
opportunity in the fifth and six frames
to put the match almost out of out of
reach but left a couple of tough spares
converted both of them at the sixth tent
keeping himself in the game 29 pins can
be overcome yes he still has the
opportunity to stream you gather some
strikes if he were to strike three times
that would be 20 pins knocked off that
29 pin so he needs to get a foundation
for a double by getting the strike here
in the seventh frame and we see the
scoreboard they're both players kind of
struggling the last few frames
and stay well back in there
well I think for norm Duke right now
Mike what he means to do is be careful
of his speed control got a little bit
fast his last couple of shots in the
ball skidded down the lane and didn't
get back to pocket so i think this fall
will be a little bit slower was but it
left the tempting well a very good shot
for Normie sorta shakes his head thought
that would take care of the 10 pin but
Lisa's back in the pocket we'll take a
look at this ball rolling down the lane
not only was it thrown slower but with
more finger left did you see it driving
back to the 13 the six pin lays in the
channel doesn't take care of the 10 pin
out the 10 pitch I asked nor that he had
recovered from last night when he
dropped out of the lead boy ain't no
Anne Boleyn you you lose more than you
in all ways and that's part of the
business you've got to recover you got
to bounce back and I did this earlier in
a year and that was my only title is
losing the lead the last game and then
come back and win it on TV so I'm
looking for exactly the same thing for
day
a train lane 27 through the heart leaves
the 610 so he started with for strikes
he's trying to back it up now with four
spares if he converts this he'll still
lead by 26 pins now Duke working at a
220 pace right now if just a road could
take it off the sheet the 8th 9th 10th
11th he still has to 34 possible Jess
knows he's not out of it yet
backs it up at the 610 mhm well he made
it exciting but I don't think there's a
better spare shooter on our tour than
one dude not even Walter Ray not even
Walter ring maybe they're tied did I too
did I said yeah a frame big shot here
trailing by 26 pins
taking just a little bit of extra time
wants to make sure this shop and just
wonderful shot from just a rook down by
only 16 pins now can strike in the ninth
frame get it to six that we take a look
at Jess watch how he extends way through
this ball great extension now here it
comes and it doesn't get any better it
doesn't have to be any better than that
stay rook ninth frame can cut it to six
pins and set up the tent and with a
strike here he can still keep 234 in the
bank best norm Duke can do is 240 these
sort of sort of makes a little bit of a
of a joke out of the way that ball hit
he thought it might knock out that
haven't been but it did now he needs to
convert it to stay 17 pins behind
puts a whole man the mansion a whole
different light though now Duke just
needs to Marx right yeah and you got to
like norms chances but he still has to
get it done but first of all we've got
to make this 7-pin for just a hook
no problem execute now leading by 17
pins norm Duke leading by 17 I'm sure
his wife Karen and son Brendan are
watching right now from clermont florida
wanting him to get a couple of spares or
maybe a couple strikes takes strike in
the ninth Frank and there's our
proprietor here at Bradley Bowl Alice
Jarvis makes everybody feel at home pba
is in its 24th year coming to bradley
ball and they really have done a
beautiful job with the facility they've
upgraded the interior and the exterior
of the center makes it a pleasure to be
here for the lockout
cuz I'll make this he needs to make this
fair to lock out just a rook
cross lane as a temp in clean game going
to this point needs this to as it right
there well you didn't disappoint me he's
a great spare shooter I think when he
left that temp in he was pleased with
the shot he knew it came off his hand
pretty good he's gonna make that needs
four pins watch well foregone conclusion
a foregone conclusion and I think just
needing four pins he's going to try and
stay loose for the next match just make
a good shot he goes you can get for norm
just shoots to 20 and quite an
improvement over the other right-handers
bowling earlier this evening and stay
rook not a bad tournament third-place
finish here Jess just finishing it out
leaves another seventh in
a couple of key shots there are seven
pins in the ninth frame and ten frame
they both could have gone there could
have been a completely different match
but as it stands just will finish third
and norm Duke has the opportunity to go
for the title winner in the semifinal
match nor do